Palestinians across the occupied West
Bank have declared a general strike to
denounce Israel's war on Gaza the attack
on Amasi on Saturday triggered their
action Palestinians also protested on
Saturday night in the cities of Janine
Hebron and tubas to condemn the war nor
OD joins me now from ralo in the
occupied West Bank and no is the strike
now underway and what's the scene across
the West
Bank well in most cities in the West
Bank there is a general TR to protest
what Palestinians have described as a
massacre that took place yesterday uh in
al- Maas in al- maasi a large scale
bombardment that we at Al jazer have
covered quite extensively of course this
you know comes as the bare minimum of a
the reflection of anger among
Palestinians to express solidarity to
feel that they're doing something to
stand by their uh fellow Palestinians in
Gaza as they feel helpless while also at
the same time confronting Israeli raids
we've seen Israeli raids overnight in
ramala in alir in tarim in Dura south of
of Hebron and several arrests so that
reality of occupation and and Relentless
War happening in Gaza raids and and and
home demolitions and confiscation of
land Happening Here in the West Bank
coming full circle in this expression of
solidarity in those gener eneral strikes
no Beyond it being simply an expression
of solidarity what actual impact do we
think this general strike is likely to
have
there well unfortunately very little
because this is just Palestinians trying
to express that they are angry they're
also angry at their fractured politics
we have to note here that in ramala for
example the factions the Palestinian
factions were unable to agree to join
the general strike while the same
factions in other cities agreed on that
as as I said the bare minimum expression
of solidarity so it's one more Stark
reminder that a fractured paralyzed
Palestinian politics can do very little
to help end the war or extend Aid to
Palestinians who are in dire need of it
at the moment in Gaza all right Nora
many thanks for that nor and
raana make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer now